---
title: Unlock the Charms of Qingdao, The "Little Manhattan"' Coastal City of China
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/XlYrTQdcbNg/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-09T23:37:53
videos: 2024-06-09-23-35-04
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The city is the terminus of an east-west railway line and is linked by rail with the ports of Yantai and Weihai. It is also a large fishing port and is renowned for its parks and beaches. In 1984 Qingdao was designated one of China's “open” cities as part of a new policy inviting foreign investment.
<br/><br/>
As Qingdao continues to attract tourists and international businesses from around the world, the abundance of natural beauty, talented human resources, three central business districts, and the new Blue Silicon Valley continue to lure foreign investment. Qingdao, known as China’s Sailing City, is a popular tourist destination during the spring, summer, and fall. The city has decent air quality that is most always better than that of Beijing or Shanghai.
<br/><br/>
Qingdao annually hosts the International Sailing Week, SINO CES, and International Beer Festival. The Clipper Round The World Yacht Race is hosted bi-annually.
<br/><br/>
Qingdao, located in the southeast part of Shandong Province, is a beautiful seaside city. It is near to the Yellow Sea to the east and south, Yantai to the northeast, Weifang to the west and Rizhao to the southwest. Qingdao is one of the most beautiful coastal cities in China. Qingdao Port has been open to 177 ports around the world, bringing Qingdao to the most prosperous city in Shandong.
<br/><br/>
Tourists who visit Qingdao can explore cultural relics like churches, historic German architecture and former residence of celebrities in the Qingdao Old Town while viewing beautiful natural landscapes including parks, bathing beaches in coastal areas. 
<br/><br/>
Be sure to go to Beer Street to taste the local Tsingtao beer whose best partner is always barbecue. 
<br/><br/>
In addition, Pichai Food Street, Yunxiao Road Food Street, and Mai Island seafood Street offer the freshest seafood, and authentic Qingdao snacks. Qingdao International Beer Festival, the biggest beer festival in Asia, is held on the second weekend of August every year and lasts for 16 days. The whole city will be decorated and people can taste beer from the world.
<br/><br/>
The first impression visitors get of Qingdao is one of a beautiful city with red tiles, green trees, blue oceans, bluer sky and the Taoist holy site of Laoshan. 