---
title: Dongguan - A Modern city that has been HIGHLY DEVELOPED in the Past 10 Years
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/-Xci3cn1N-I/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-09T22:56:32
videos: 2024-06-09-22-53-47
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Fondly nicknamed “the world’s factory,” Dongguan was once a manufacturing boomtown consisting of a patchwork of townships. To diversify its traditional, labor-based economy with modern information and service economy sectors, the city of Dongguan is envisioning a new unifying urban center. 
<br/><br/>
Dongguan, an industrial city in China’s Pearl River Delta, encompasses a densely populated urban center and surrounding prefecture. Green spaces include the central Qifeng Park, Keyuan Garden featuring local architecture, and the mountainous Yinxian Resort with a Buddhist temple and statues. In the port town of Humen, with its striking suspension bridge, the Opium War Museum explores the 19th-century Opium Wars.
<br/><br/>
Dongguan, located in the mid-south of Guangdong Province and in the east of the Pearl River Delta, is 50 kilometers (about 31 miles) south of Guangzhou, and 90 kilometers (about 56 miles) north of Shenzhen. 
<br/><br/>
It is 47 nautical miles from Hong Kong as well as 48 nautical miles from Macau. Due to the superior location and reform and opening up, Dongguan is known as the workshop of the world with more than 151,000 industrial enterprises and the number of Fortune Global 500 is up to 31 including Samsung, Wal-Mart. Nikon. 
<br/><br/>
However, since 2010, Dongguan has been transforming from a labor-intensive city into a high-tech electronic innovator under the impact of the international financial crisis. Dongguan is also the third largest foreign trade city in China and an important transportation hub in Guangdong Province. 
<br/><br/>
In 2019, it became a member city of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. As one of the birthplaces of Lingnan Culture, Dongguan has folk customs such as the Dragon Boat Race, Cantonese Opera, Hakka folk songs and Lion Dance.
<br/><br/>
A number of historical sites are left in the city which has experienced a long and splendid history. The destinations related to the Opium War tell the early modern history to every visitor. Apart from those, Keyuan Garden and Hermit Villa should not be missed on your trip. They are ideal places for people to relax in the bustling industrial city. 
<br/><br/>
While developing the economy, the local government has also paid great attention to the city's tourism industry. In recent years, a number of natural tourism destinations have been built in Dongguan, such as Humen Bridge, Humen Naval Battle Museum, Opium War Museum, Keyuan Garden and Yinxian Resort, adding more color to your trip.
<br/><br/>
Dongguan is known for its importance as ‘the world’s factory’, drawing businesses from around the globe, but in recent years it has also become a hotspot for leisure travellers seeking romantic sea views and scenic historical spots that tell of the region’s exciting history.