---
title: Temple Mist
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/FZ-nLmRt4jE/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-06T20:01:26
videos: 2024-06-06-19-57-58
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Synopsis: In the year 1126, the two emperors, Hui and Qin of the Northern Song Dynasty, were captured by the Jin army, marking the historical event known as the Jingkang Incident. In the year 1140, following the Shaoxing Treaty, the Southern Song Dynasty officially began its history of residing in a corner. Princess Ruofu escaped from the hands of the Jin army and was saved by General Gao Shirong of Zhenguanguan. They developed a secret affection for each other, and upon returning to the palace, the emperor arranged their marriage.
<br/><br/>
One day, Princess Ruofu fell unconscious. The emperor issued a decree offering a reward of one thousand taels of silver to any renowned physician who could cure the princess's illness. The monk Ji Gong cast a spell, and the young novice Hui Ming took up the emperor's decree. Upon learning of the experiences of the princess and the general upon their return to the palace, Hui Ming revealed that the general should take the princess to the Great Mercy Pavilion to fulfill a vow.
<br/><br/>
Several days later, the general brought Princess Ruofu to the Great Mercy Pavilion, where she collapsed again in front of the Buddha statue due to a headache. In her sleep, fragments of memories kept flashing back. It turned out that she was a spy sent by the Jin to gather intelligence on the Song Dynasty. The empress dowager had long seen through this false Princess Ruofu. Since being captured by the Jin army, the current empress had been missing. The empress dowager hoped that Princess Ruofu could speak in front of the emperor, recommending her to be the empress, and also recommending her younger brother to replace the general as the Commander of Zhenguanguan. To avoid prolonged deception, the false Princess Ruofu personally directed this farce. 
<br/><br/>
Not long after, an agreement was reached between the Song and Jin dynasties, and Empress Wei was released. In a few days, she would meet the general and the princess at the Great Mercy Pavilion. The false Princess Ruofu suspected that Ji Gong also knew the truth. She attempted to assassinate him in the middle of the night, but Ji Gong left her with a prophecy.