---
title: Chengdu 2024 Walking tour
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/hr-pxW5Nsr0/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-03T21:01:19
videos: 2024-06-03-20-58-25
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
More recently, Chengdu, like many other cities in China, has seen explosive growth in its population and economy. 
<br/><br/>
The city began investing in green infrastructure more than a decade ago, including a number of wetland parks linked to the many waterways that crisscross the area. 
<br/><br/>
These parks became natural sponges for filtering pollutants and a boon to birdwatchers who saw growing numbers of species calling the city home.
<br/><br/>
There are plenty of famous city parks in the world — New York’s Central Park, the Luxembourg Gardens of Paris, or São Paulo’s Ibirapuera Park, to name a few. But what Chengdu, a city of 20 million in southwestern China, wants to become world-famous for is something much bigger.
<br/><br/>
Chengdu, one of China’s largest metropolises and the capital of Sichuan Province, is building out a vast system of interconnected parks and greenways on a massive scale. 
<br/><br/>
The plan is not to build parks within the city — rather, the plan is for a “city within a park.” 
<br/><br/>
You can see this “Park City” plan taking shape in the Longquan Mountain Urban Forest Park, a reserve that overlooks snow-capped peaks behind glimmering skyscrapers. 
<br/><br/>
With plans to grow to 1,275 square kilometres, the area will become one of the world’s largest urban park areas. Or you can see it along the Tianfu Greenway, a collection of biking and walking trails that eventually will connect hundreds of parks across the metropolitan area. Eventually, it will form the world’s largest green path network at 17,000 kilometres long. 