---
title: Exploring The Enigmatic Beauty of Zhuhai City, Guangdong, China
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/d09q6gLBnc0/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-09T23:10:39
videos: 2024-06-09-23-07-22
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Designed as a hub of contemporary creativity within one of the world’s most dynamic regions, the Zhuhai Jinwan Civic Art Centre is at the heart of Aviation New City, an urbanization with a built area of 4.78 million sq. m housing 100,000 residents and incorporating new civic, cultural, academic and commercial infrastructure within Zhuhai’s Jinwan district. 
<br/><br/>
The Zhuhai Airport Railway, an extension of the Guangzhou-Zhuhai Intercity Railway, provides direct connections with Zhuhai’s city center and its airport, while the new Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge enables those in Shenzhen and Hong Kong to reach Zhuhai in less than an hour.
<br/><br/>
Integrating three distinct cultural institutions for the city (a Performing Arts Centre with a 1200-seat Grand Theatre and a 500-retractable-seat multifunctional Black Box theatre; an interactive Science Centre; and an Art Museum) each venue within the Zhuhai Jinwan Civic Arts Centre incorporates unique characteristics that create differing visitor experiences, yet all are united by a coherent formal and structural logic that spans 170 meters wide from east to west and 270 meters long from north to south.
<br/><br/>
Arranged symmetrically on a central axis, the two larger and two smaller venues are connected by a central plaza that serves as a shared external foyer for all of the cultural institutions. 
<br/><br/>
Glazed walls facing this courtyard enable visitors to determine the individuality and character of each venue. The Grand Theatre and Art Museum are finished in a light palate of materials, while the multifunctional Black Box Theatre and Science Centre are composed of darker materials.
<br/><br/>
Echoing the chevron patterns of migratory birds flying in formation over southern China, the latticed steel canopies sheltering each venue are configured through repetition, symmetry, and scale variation; resulting in a composition of related elements that respond to the different functional requirements of each building. 
<br/><br/>
This repetition of the self-supporting and self-stabilizing roof modules optimized pre-fabrication, pre-assembly, and the use of modular construction.
<br/><br/>
The distinctive roof structure unites the different venues under a network of reticulated shells that envelop the four wings of the center. Interconnecting bridges and voids create a multi-layered public plaza at the heart of the center with views to the interiors as well as to the surrounding promenades with their cafés, restaurants, and educational facilities. 
<br/><br/>
The design optimizes intuitive navigation with natural light in all public areas to enhance connectivity; creating engaging civic spaces for locals to enjoy throughout the day and evening.
<br/><br/>
The Art Museum adapts the chevron geometries of the roof to frame the main atrium which provides natural light to the museum while at the same time creating a continuous vertical surface to display artworks. An internal gallery, storage, and administrative spaces are located behind this vertical division. 
<br/><br/>
Merging architecture with an exhibition experience, a continuous white ‘ribbon’ of the museum’s vertical circulation and exhibition route is its’ defining feature.
<br/><br/>
Zhuhai Jinwan Civic Art Centre’s podium defines an island within ZhongXin Lake. 
<br/><br/>
Constructed in concrete, the center consists of five structurally separate buildings, each with its own self-supporting external steel canopy. 
<br/><br/>
Supported by only 22 columns and spanning a total of 270m x 170m, these free-formed steel roof canopies are composed of symmetrical geometries to enable their modular, repetitive structures to be fabricated off-site and assembled from only two different column types.