---
title: The Pioneer
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/DOENkAZhiYQ/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-06T20:24:34
videos: 2024-06-06-20-22-38
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Synopsis: In order to complete the mission assigned by Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty, Zhang Qian, who had been trapped by the Huns for ten years, went to the Western Regions to contact the Dayuezhi to form a joint strategy to defeat the Huns. Zhang Qian actively prepared to escape. After a bloody battle with the Huns, he finally escaped successfully and continued to complete his mission.
<br/><br/>
Movie Title: The Pioneer: The Mysterious City #凿空者之西极神域
Synopsis: In the ancient kingdom of the West, Zhang Qian accidentally got involved in a dispute over royal power. The royal family wanted to use Qian as a bargaining chip to talk to Xi in exchange for the trust of the Huns. Did they reveal their true colors? Zhang Qian and others skillfully used Erlang's power to crack the mysterious secret of the West Pole.
<br/><br/>
Movie Title: The Pioneer: The Lost Country #凿空者之白城魔女 
Synopsis: Zhang Qian detoured Baicheng in search of the Yuezhi, seeking a treasure map from heaven. Baicheng looks like a gentle daughter, but she hides murderous intent. The poisonous sorcerer's mother killed the living beings to sacrifice to the God of the Moon. Zhang Qian designed to save everyone, but the sorcerer's mother was buried in the sea of fire. With Zhang Qian's encouragement, everyone in Baicheng rebuilt their homes.