---
title: Butterfly In Love
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/SPtG8jMdxoQ/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-06T20:10:07
videos: 2024-06-06-20-07-30
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Synopsis: <br/>
Meng Long, the leader of a criminal gang, is exposed during an operation and killed by the police. His sister, Meng Yan, vows to avenge him, suspecting that his former lover, Liu Lan, who had a falling out with him, leaked the secret. To get revenge, Meng Yan instructs her lover, Lin Peng, to get close to Liu Lan and look for an opportunity to harm her.
<br/><br/>
Liu Lan, an ordinary paging station operator, lives with her grandfather. Lin Peng pretends to be kind and gradually gains Liu Lan’s trust. However, when Liu Lan takes Lin Peng to visit her sick grandfather, her grandfather recognizes Lin Peng’s true identity and warns Liu Lan to stay away from him.
<br/><br/>
When the first plan fails, Meng Yan orders gang members Curly and Little Three to intimidate Liu Lan and her grandfather. One night, Liu Lan is intercepted by Curly and Little Three. She rushes to the hospital only to find that her grandfather has passed away under suspicious circumstances.
<br/><br/>
After her grandfather's death, Liu Lan becomes even more dependent on Lin Peng, but Lin Peng begins to plan against her. However, as he spends more time with Liu Lan, Lin Peng gradually discovers her innocence and purity, and starts to feel sympathy for her. Liu Lan accidentally finds a tattoo on Lin Peng that matches one on Meng Long, and she flees in terror, only to be captured by Curly and Little Three.
<br/><br/>
At the critical moment, Lin Peng arrives in time to rescue Liu Lan. In a lumberyard, Lin Peng confesses his plot to avenge Meng Long. Liu Lan is shocked to realize that the man she loves has been planning to kill her. In a fit of sorrow and anger, she escapes.
<br/><br/>
Lin Peng catches up with Liu Lan at a cliff, and she urges him to leave the criminal gang. At this moment, Meng Yan appears, torn between love and hate, and attacks both Lin Peng and Liu Lan. In pain, Lin Peng sees Meng Yan’s true nature. He fights her off, ultimately rescuing Liu Lan and stopping Meng Yan.
<br/><br/>
After a series of ordeals and life-and-death tests, the couple finally escapes from their nightmare and begins their life anew.