---
title: Discover the City of Watery Charms - A Captivating Walking Tour in Jinan, China
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/v58hSVWqib0/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-09T23:31:56
videos: 2024-06-09-23-28-42
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Shandong’s capital Jinan is a watery city of romance.
<br/><br/>
Jinan, capital of Shandong Province, is the center for politics, culture, economy, education, transportation, science and technology in Shandong and has about 9 million inhabitants. 
<br/><br/>
Surrounded by mountains and hills and fostered by the Yellow River, Shandong’s provincial capital Jinan is a city of watery charms and romance.
<br/><br/>
Jinan has its roots as an ancient city with a long history. Because of its many springs, it is called Quancheng, or ‘Spring City.’ Throughout the area of the old city, there are the four spring systems of Baotu, Heihu, Zhenzhu and Wulongtan, which are not to be missed. 
<br/><br/>
Not only does Jinan have the warmth of Daming Lake, it also has the mysterious religious location of the Thousand Buddha Mountain. Qilu-style snack shops can also be found along Furong Street.
<br/><br/>
Unique in its geography, the city is known as the “City of Springs,” sitting in a transitional zone between the northern foothills of the Taishan Mountain Massif to the south of the city and the valley of the Yellow River to the north. 
<br/><br/>
On one side of the city, karst aquifers create caves and underground streams. On the other side are magmatic rocks which block underground flows, forcing water to gather in subterranean aquifers. 
<br/><br/>
The retained water wells up through fissures within the rocks and soil, resulting in the numerous artesian springs across the city. The majority of the springs are concentrated in the downtown district and flow north into Daming Lake.
<br/><br/>
In the 12th century, the “72 famous springs” were mentioned in historical texts, suggesting they were always an attraction for the city. The Baotu Spring is probably the most well-known, though it is only one of a group of more than 20 springs in downtown Jinan. 
<br/><br/>
Baotu Spring sustains a 20-by 30-meter pond, 1.5-meter-deep around its three outlets. In its heyday, the spring would spurt violently a meter into the air.
<br/><br/>
Countless poems have been written to praise the beauty of the springs. The park around Baotu was built in the 1950s and incorporates adjacent smaller springs, such as the Golden Thread Spring and the Jade-Washing Spring, as well as a number of ancient shrines, pavilions, memorial halls, bridges, and steles full of aesthetic and historical value. 
<br/><br/>
The spring water in the park has a relatively stable temperature of 18 degrees Celsius, and in winter, steam forms over the waters, giving the park a hazy charm.
<br/><br/>
Located to the northeast of the city center and formed by artesian springs, the Daming Lake Park covers an area of a little over half a square kilometer. 
<br/><br/>
Jinan is a convenient city to visit, as many of the major sites are in close proximity, found within a scenic area which includes the parks, springs, the lake, and a city moat that connects them all. 
<br/><br/>
Within this zone, travelers can visit Qushuiting Street built along a small river, featuring traditional residences. You can relax at the coffee shops and bars south of Daming Lake, or hit Furong Street — the famous snack street—for some local delicacies.
<br/><br/>
The scenic area is not just a tourist attraction; it is the oldest part of Jinan, and preserves the traditional way of living by the water. Locals from other parts of the city enjoy relaxing and exercising here. 
<br/><br/>
One of the most interesting activities is the regular matchmaking assembly held by locals and even the government to encourage young people to get together—a touch of romance to the City of Springs.
<br/><br/>
Apart from its beautiful scenery and mild climate, Jinan is also known as the "City of Springs", with at least seventy-two famous springs. 
<br/><br/>
The City is located on a plain bordering at the lower reaches of the Yellow River (Huanghe), directly between Beijing and Shanghai. Jinan has one of the 16 railway hubs in China and therefore a very good transportation system, with 1.5 hours to Beijing and 3.5 hours to Shanghai. 
<br/><br/>
With the Shandong University as the best University in Shandong and a high density of universities and colleges, Jinan has a high educational standard.